# Code analysis - "SingleUserDungeon"

Written by Chris Rosendorf

#### Reports
The reports are generated by the .bat files that are located in the root directory, and the generated reports reside in the PMD folder, each with their own corrosponding name.

#### Rulesets:
  - **Coupling**: To see where the code can be uncoupled and modularised.  
  This increases code efficiency and allows for easier debugging as each part of the code only does a select few things.
  - **Imports**: To avoid having an excess of unused imports.  
  These can strain the inital load time and can use more memory than needed.
  - **J2EE**: To see where code that shouldn't usually exist in a J2EE application resides.  
  This is to follow best practices and not allow applications to run code that should not be run.
  - **Metrics**: To see the code complexity of some of the bigger classes and controllers.  
  With this information one could try to modularise the code into smaller classes and thereby keep an easier to maintain codebase.
  - **Naming**: To avoid generic names, and to follow standard syntax practices.  
  This allows easy to understand code for both the future you, and the next person working on the project.
  - **Optimizations**: To optimize performance of the application and potential bottlenecks.  
  Allowing the program to flow faster and more efficiently allows for more throughput from an application.
  - **Strings**: To avoid reusing strings that aren't set as a variable, as misspellings can happen.  
  By doing this you can avoid easy to reduce bugs, and save time on tedious bugfixing.
  - **TypeResolution**: Tells when not to use the implementation type, but the interface instead.  
  This gives a better "inheritance" acceptance, so that you can use any interface type function call.
  - **Unnecessary**: Displays where there is unnecessary characters in the code.  
  It's helpful to remove code that would make it harder to read and understand by just glancing at it.
  - **UnusedCode**: To see where there is any unused code stumps, and parameters.  
  Unused code can lead to harder to maintain code, and confusion when using the function calls.



